Use ecosystem supporters on the homepage (#3567)
openbao/openbao: website/content/ecosystem/news.mdx

# News

> OpenBao in the news, whehter mentions at conferences, press releases, or similar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenBao in the news, be it mentions at conferences, press releases, or similar.
```
